1. Co-founding, Leading, and Selling a Women-Owned Software Agency

Later, with my combined understanding of marketing, tech teams, and community, I co-founded and scaled Upstate Interactive, a software consultancy. Growing through the complexities of bootstrapping, business partnerships, and the creation of an inclusive culture, Upstate Interactive went from four partners to more than 25 team members in 6 years. I collaborated with my business partners on key operational decisions. As we grew, I led  marketing and sales strategy while implementing scalable product development processes—all crucial elements for our expansion into  Web3. Our client Foundry, a VC-backed digital asset infrastructure startup, was growing significantly and was attracted to our team's track record and capabilities. The decision to be acquired by Foundry was by no means easy. It was a strategic pivot that required leadership through uncertainty.

As VP of Product at Foundry, I balanced helping my former team integrate with adapting to my officer role in the new organization. I prioritized Foundry's broader needs by building collaborative, strategic planning capabilities to prioritize initiatives and allocate resources, especially during a period of market volatility. I also strengthened my department by creating clear career paths for product managers and establishing the company's first design function, clarifying our team's role in the software development life-cycle.

2. Strengthening Leadership and Supporting the Next Generation of Innovators

Fast forward to today. After experiencing a few years of team restructuring and rapid scaling in a volatile market, I developed a dedicated focus in guiding teams through sustainable growth, leadership development, and organizational change. I’ve learned that investing in leadership and optimizing human systems enhances performance and mitigates risk amid transitions like growth, acquisitions, team restructuring, and changes in strategic direction.
 
This inspired me to start my own independent consulting company, Transform with Irini. I uphold the values of decentralization, trust, and data privacy shaped by my career in tech and crypto. I also work alongside Grinnell Leadership, a behavioral sciences company that specializes in organizational development. We help leaders of growth-oriented companies ease and speed positive change.

3. From Marketer and Tech Entrepreneur to Software and Community Builder

I started my career as a non-technical marketer focusing on business plans, user research through pilot studies, and business development. I applied these skills in telecommunications and healthcare software startups. As I collaborated with tech teams, I became increasingly curious how software comes to life and how to bridge the gap between market insights and technical execution. After the startup I was working with closed in 2016, I immersed myself in the engineering community through software bootcamps, meetups and hackathons. I also co-founded my own meetup group, Women in Coding, to empower other women to learn and build in a male-dominated field. This experience increased my empathy and understanding for engineers tackling complex software challenges.